listen Claire Foy has been putting in
the work this year almost trying to
reach that Alicia vikander level and she
decided to hop on as a lead to her first
big franchise and I remember seeing the
original ones that were a part of the
Swedish trilogy right it was based off
of a trilogy of books I thought those
were good but that David Fincher came in
and remade it in English he made it
extra dark he got some Oscar buzz from
Rooney Mara who was really looking
forward to the sequel I'm doing it and
unless someone tells me that I'm not and
then I still might do it she did it even
though they completely swapped out the
cast and switch directors Sony still
really wanted people to know that it was
a secretive Fincher's to the point that
the official title for the movie is the
girl in the spider's web a new Dragon
Tattoo story
Nouriel Star Wars this one's got the
director of don't breathe so I at least
was excited for it since I like fed his
direction but it ends up being more on
the rented side in my opinion and I feel
depending on how much you liked her
hated red Sparrow it'll determine how
you feel about this one let me explain
so originally this was a trilogy of
Swedish books written by Stig Larson who
said he was inspired by his friend named
Lisbeth who didn't give him any writing
notes or anything like that right now
she was gang-raped in front of him by
three men while he stood around into
nothing and then he was surprised she
didn't grant him forgiveness does he
decided to write three books around a
character named Lisbeth who also was a
rape survivor but she goes out and
practically becomes Batman beating the
crap out of bad guys as she hacks by
night in fact when you look at the
original title it's literal translation
is men who hate women
but I guess Americans saw it and when
hey she's got a Dragon Tattoo
let's call it that Larsson ended up
dying you know for so he didn't even get
to see his books become so popular or
get adapted or live to stop them from
continuing the franchise without him cuz
two more books were made in the series
that even the life of Larson called
straight trash and claimed that they
were just making them for money and I
kind of agree with her and the movie
version of the fourth novel we see
Lisbeth as a kid playing chess with a
twin sister when her dad calls them in
to play something else clearly this
isn't the safest environment so Lisbeth
decides to jump out the window
pulls a Katniss as she tumbles down and
somehow survives long enough to get her
own franchise we're supposed to believe
that the events of interest story still
happened and
everyone just got plastic surgery so
when a computer scientist named Franz
starts feeling threatened he calls up
our girl for help
turns out his kid August gets a rush out
of numbers and is able to solve these
crazy equations that unlock his dad's
access codes
but since Lisbeth knows nothing about
missile encryption systems she seeks out
to get her info like the rest of us
watching youtube videos now I'm not
saying that I know much about the
subject but there's every movie
involving hacking really think that it's
just people bagging on a keyboard all of
a sudden they're in they just press
random keys like they're playing smash
broz and all of a sudden they're able to
stop bombs they don't even look down at
the keyboard they're just hitting things
don't be on a touchscreen phone and
you're still hearing the clacking of the
keys oh no but she did hack the hell out
of the Keith this dude works for the NSA
and still got snooped on before he was
able to yell get out like if there's one
person I feel bad for in this movie it's
this guy man's roaming all around the
world trying to find Lisbeth before he
gets fired for losing the missile plans
they legit waste time pranking him with
fake phones in the movie that did
absolutely nothing for the plot and in
the one action scene that they give him
in he's like four football fields away
now me cayó who goes from bond to this
guy is a journalist whose publication is
getting bought out he's trying to help
Lisbeth by searching up people with
spider tattoos and stay with the ones
who came in and also stole the plans
from her but as he goes into the
spider-verse
he realizes that the people behind it is
actually her sister
[Music]
who in the books actually goes by thanos
but yeah you know they had to
disintegrate that real fast her henchmen
end up finding the scientist and killing
him they kidnapped the kid and leave
Lizbeth drugged up so that she can take
the blame but then this girl snorts up
some infant and Fetty pulls up her sony
gopro and enhances it no way you can
enhance it and it's somehow able to pull
a watchdogs as she tracks and hacks into
their car knocking him out with their
own airbags
lifts the lever like Kronk to get the
bad guy stuck on the bridge and then
sees her sister
[Music]
dressed up like red sparrow they say at
an abandoned Epcot where mikail shows up
and they partner with Needham in order
to take down the spider society and
their plan is pretty much to let the kid
get kidnapped so they can track down
where their headquarters are with this
GPS chess piece that they're giving them
they then pull that thing Morgan Freeman
did in the Dark Knight where they get a
sonar of the whole place Elizabeth can
sneak in she finds gel for her hair
apparently and right before she's able
to take them down she gets caught and we
find out that even the sweetest secrets
of Swedish secrets come on
Swedish Secret Service is scheming with
spiders secretly because they'd rather
have the bad guys have the weapons than
America obviously you should never trust
a spider-man and they turn on the
service and kill them they stuff Lisbeth
in this honey can do vacuum pack as it
gets under her skin and then meet him
decides to use a sonar thing to snipe
her from the outside he guns him down
one by one
this dude pops his knee out just like
they did in red Sparrow and they're able
to rescue the kid as the pet guys get
into a five-star collision leading to
the final boss fight on this cliff
that's really just a confession and was
included in the trail system
the sisters didn't have a one-on-one
because Camilla isn't mad that her
sister left her you know she's not mad
that she was the one who grew up getting
abused by their father the one who had
to become an evil villain now she's
upset that her sister had five books
saving everybody else in the world
except her and since she didn't get to
jump at the beginning with her sister
she decides to jump now except she did
Lizbeth hit control-alt-delete so no one
has the missile plans at all Needham
somehow doesn't get fired the kid goes
back to his mom and learns to play 21
and Myka writes his article titled the
girl in the spider's web before deleting
it to keep it all a secret just like
this movie should have done thank you
guys for checking out this video i'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section i guess i'd it to
me it's like red sparrow it's one of
those movies where even daniel craig who
loves doing sequels didn't come back to
do this one but I think you know the
themes of family I guess you can say her
in there I think the whole
behind-the-scenes dealing with the
author's is way more interesting I don't
know if this was going to continue but
definite let me know your thoughts down
below I had
overlord in IMAX playing above us during
this entire movie I'm not one to mention
like the barn scenes what I do with my
movie watching but I'm mentioning that
because overlord was so loud it was in
IMAX and I'm bringing it up because in
case you watched this video and you
didn't watch my Overlord one I highly
recommend that movie go watch it I mean
I rethought about this one or any other
ones down below in the comment section
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you this thing
that it's a supposed to catch spider
somehow